Update command-line-tools.rst (#3063)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/command-line-tools.rst

-  Resetting multi-factor authentication for a user
-  Creating sample data

**Diagnostics**

> - Analyzing the database for relational consistency  

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- Analyzing the database for relational consistency  
```

    .. code-block:: none

      ./mattermost import slack myteam slack_export.zip
      
mattermost integrity
--------------------

  Description

>     Command to check database schema integrity as well as referential integrity of channels, command web hooks, posts, schemes, sessions, users, and teams. This process may temporarily affect live system performance, and should be used during off-peak periods. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Check database schema integrity as well as referential integrity of channels, slash commands, webhooks, posts, schemes, sessions, users, and teams. This process may temporarily affect live system performance, and should be used during off-peak periods. 
```

Reviewer 2: This is to start with a verb, consistent with other commands

    
  Format
    .. code-block:: none

>       mattermost integrity {flag} {flag}

Reviewer 2: Looks like in other commands we don't include the flag, and would just be ``mattermost integrity``

Reviewer 2: ^cc quick reminder on this note @justinegeffen :)

Author: Thanks for the reminder, I had completely missed it. Update has been made as requested.

            
  Example
    .. code-block:: none

      ./mattermost integrity --confirm --verbose 
      
  Options
    .. code-block:: none

>           --confirm   Confirm you really want to run a complete integrity check that may temporarily harm system performance.

Reviewer 2: Are either of these optional?

Author: > Are either of these optional?

That's a good question. They are not required to be used simultaneously (you can run --confirm and then --verbose), but in terms of generating information I'd say that --confirm is optional as the check can proceed without it.

Reviewer 2: Makes sense, if either (or both) are optional, we can label them as such. You can find an example of how to mark flags as optional here: https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/command-line-tools.html#mattermost-sampledata

PS: I'm wondering if `--confirm` is required -- if it's optional when would an admin want to use the flag? Would it be for automated scripts?

Author: That wasn't explicitly stated, so I have asked for confirmation. It would make sense that that would be the use case for it though.

>           --confirm   Confirm you really want to run a complete integrity check that may temporarily harm system performance.

Author: ```suggestion
          --confirm   Skip the confirmation message which indicates that the complete integrity check that may temporarily harm system performance. This is not recommended in production environments.
```

Author: I've reworded this due to a misunderstanding on my part.

Reviewer 2: Thanks! Just a slight wording adjustment: `that the complete integrity check that may temporarily harm` --> `that the complete integrity check may temporarily harm`

    .. code-block:: none

      ./mattermost import slack myteam slack_export.zip
      
mattermost integrity
--------------------

  Description
    Check database schema integrity as well as referential integrity of channels, slash commands, webhooks, posts, schemes, sessions, users, and teams. This process may temporarily affect live system performance, and should be used during off-peak periods. 
    
  Format
    .. code-block:: none

      mattermost integrity {flag} {flag}
            
  Example
    .. code-block:: none

      ./mattermost integrity --confirm --verbose 
      
  Options
    .. code-block:: none

>           --confirm   Optional. Skip the confirmation message which indicates that the complete integrity check that may temporarily harm system performance. This is not recommended in production environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          --confirm   Optional. Skip the confirmation message which indicates that the complete integrity check may temporarily harm system performance. This is not recommended in production environments.
```
